Hezekiah became King when he was 25
Hezekiah became King when he was 25 years old and he reigned 29 years in
years old and he reigned 29 years in
years old and he reigned 29 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was Abijah
Jerusalem his mother's name was Abijah
Jerusalem his mother's name was Abijah the daughter of Zechariah and he did
the daughter of Zechariah and he did
the daughter of Zechariah and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord
what was right in the sight of the Lord
what was right in the sight of the Lord according to all that his father David
according to all that his father David
according to all that his father David had done in the first year of his reign
had done in the first year of his reign
had done in the first year of his reign in the first month he opened the doors
in the first month he opened the doors
in the first month he opened the doors of the house of the Lord and repaired
of the house of the Lord and repaired
of the house of the Lord and repaired the Prophet then he brought in the
the Prophet then he brought in the
the Prophet then he brought in the priests and the Levites and gathered
priests and the Levites and gathered
priests and the Levites and gathered them in the East Square hear me Levites
them in the East Square hear me Levites
them in the East Square hear me Levites [Music]
[Music]
[Music] now sanctify yourselves sanctify the
now sanctify yourselves sanctify the
now sanctify yourselves sanctify the house of the Lord God of your father's
house of the Lord God of your father's
house of the Lord God of your father's and carry out the rubbish from the holy
and carry out the rubbish from the holy
and carry out the rubbish from the holy place for her father's have trespassed
place for her father's have trespassed
place for her father's have trespassed and done evil in the eyes of the Lord
and done evil in the eyes of the Lord
and done evil in the eyes of the Lord our God they have forsaken him have
our God they have forsaken him have
our God they have forsaken him have turned their faces away from the
turned their faces away from the
turned their faces away from the dwelling place of the Lord and turned
dwelling place of the Lord and turned
dwelling place of the Lord and turned their backs on him they have also shut
their backs on him they have also shut
their backs on him they have also shut up the doors of the vestibule put out
up the doors of the vestibule put out
up the doors of the vestibule put out the lamps and have not burned incense or
the lamps and have not burned incense or
the lamps and have not burned incense or offered burnt offerings in the holy
offered burnt offerings in the holy
offered burnt offerings in the holy place to the God of Israel therefore the
place to the God of Israel therefore the
place to the God of Israel therefore the wrath of the Lord fell upon Judah and
wrath of the Lord fell upon Judah and
wrath of the Lord fell upon Judah and Jerusalem and he has given them up to
Jerusalem and he has given them up to
Jerusalem and he has given them up to trouble to desolation and - jeering as
trouble to desolation and - jeering as
trouble to desolation and - jeering as you see with your eyes for indeed
you see with your eyes for indeed
you see with your eyes for indeed because of this our fathers have fallen
because of this our fathers have fallen
because of this our fathers have fallen by the sword and our sons our daughters
by the sword and our sons our daughters
by the sword and our sons our daughters and our wives are in captivity now it is
and our wives are in captivity now it is
and our wives are in captivity now it is in my heart to make a covenant with the
in my heart to make a covenant with the
in my heart to make a covenant with the Lord God of Israel that his fierce wrath
Lord God of Israel that his fierce wrath
Lord God of Israel that his fierce wrath may turn away from us
may turn away from us
may turn away from us sons do not be negligent now but the
sons do not be negligent now but the
sons do not be negligent now but the Lord has chosen you to stand before him
Lord has chosen you to stand before him
Lord has chosen you to stand before him to serve Him and that you should
to serve Him and that you should
to serve Him and that you should minister to him and burn incense
minister to him and burn incense
minister to him and burn incense then these Levites arose may have the
then these Levites arose may have the
then these Levites arose may have the son of ma SE and Joel the son of Azariah
son of ma SE and Joel the son of Azariah
son of ma SE and Joel the son of Azariah of the sons of the kohathites of the
of the sons of the kohathites of the
of the sons of the kohathites of the sons of near a rye Kish the son of AB
sons of near a rye Kish the son of AB
sons of near a rye Kish the son of AB died and Azariah the son of jihad Allah
died and Azariah the son of jihad Allah
died and Azariah the son of jihad Allah of the gershonites joah
of the gershonites joah
of the gershonites joah the son of Zimmer and Eden the son of
the son of Zimmer and Eden the son of
the son of Zimmer and Eden the son of Joan of the sons of Ella's athan
Joan of the sons of Ella's athan
Joan of the sons of Ella's athan shimmery and GI o of the sons of a Seth
shimmery and GI o of the sons of a Seth
shimmery and GI o of the sons of a Seth Zechariah and mattaniah of the sons of
Zechariah and mattaniah of the sons of
Zechariah and mattaniah of the sons of Haman cahaya and shamea and of the sons
Haman cahaya and shamea and of the sons
Haman cahaya and shamea and of the sons of Jerusalem Sameach and Accio and they
of Jerusalem Sameach and Accio and they
of Jerusalem Sameach and Accio and they gathered their brethren sanctified
gathered their brethren sanctified
gathered their brethren sanctified themselves and went according to the
themselves and went according to the
themselves and went according to the commandment of the King at the words of
commandment of the King at the words of
commandment of the King at the words of the Lord to cleanse the house of the law
the Lord to cleanse the house of the law
the Lord to cleanse the house of the law then the priests went into the inner
then the priests went into the inner
then the priests went into the inner part of the house of the Lord to cleanse
part of the house of the Lord to cleanse
part of the house of the Lord to cleanse it and brought out all the debris that
it and brought out all the debris that
it and brought out all the debris that they found in the temple of the Lord to
they found in the temple of the Lord to
they found in the temple of the Lord to the court of the house of the Lord and
the court of the house of the Lord and
the court of the house of the Lord and the Levites took it out and carried it
the Levites took it out and carried it
the Levites took it out and carried it to the brook kidron now they began to
to the brook kidron now they began to
to the brook kidron now they began to sanctify on the first day of the month
sanctify on the first day of the month
sanctify on the first day of the month and on the eighth day of the month they
and on the eighth day of the month they
and on the eighth day of the month they came to the vestibule of the Lord so
came to the vestibule of the Lord so
came to the vestibule of the Lord so they sanctified the house of the Lord in
they sanctified the house of the Lord in
they sanctified the house of the Lord in eight days and on the 16th day of the
eight days and on the 16th day of the
eight days and on the 16th day of the first month they finished then they went
first month they finished then they went
first month they finished then they went in to King Hezekiah we have cleansed all
in to King Hezekiah we have cleansed all
in to King Hezekiah we have cleansed all the house of the Lord the altar of burnt
the house of the Lord the altar of burnt
the house of the Lord the altar of burnt offerings with all its articles and the
offerings with all its articles and the
offerings with all its articles and the table of the showbread with all its
table of the showbread with all its
table of the showbread with all its articles moreover all the articles which
articles moreover all the articles which
articles moreover all the articles which King Ahaz in his reign had cast aside in
King Ahaz in his reign had cast aside in
King Ahaz in his reign had cast aside in his transgression we have prepared and
his transgression we have prepared and
his transgression we have prepared and sanctified
sanctified
sanctified and there they are before the altar of
and there they are before the altar of
and there they are before the altar of the Lord then King Hezekiah rose early
the Lord then King Hezekiah rose early
the Lord then King Hezekiah rose early gather the rulers of the city and went
gather the rulers of the city and went
gather the rulers of the city and went up to the house of the Lord and they
up to the house of the Lord and they
up to the house of the Lord and they brought seven bulls seven Rams seven
brought seven bulls seven Rams seven
brought seven bulls seven Rams seven lambs and seven male goats for a sin
lambs and seven male goats for a sin
lambs and seven male goats for a sin offering for the kingdom for the
offering for the kingdom for the
offering for the kingdom for the sanctuary and for Judah
sanctuary and for Judah
sanctuary and for Judah then he commanded the priests the sons
then he commanded the priests the sons
then he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of
of Aaron to offer them on the altar of
of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the law so they killed the Bulls and the
the law so they killed the Bulls and the
the law so they killed the Bulls and the priests received the blood and sprinkled
priests received the blood and sprinkled
priests received the blood and sprinkled it on the altar likewise they killed the
it on the altar likewise they killed the
it on the altar likewise they killed the Rams and sprinkled the blood on the
Rams and sprinkled the blood on the
Rams and sprinkled the blood on the altar they also killed the lambs and
altar they also killed the lambs and
altar they also killed the lambs and sprinkled the blood on the altar then
sprinkled the blood on the altar then
sprinkled the blood on the altar then they brought out the male goats for the
they brought out the male goats for the
they brought out the male goats for the sin offering before the king and the
sin offering before the king and the
sin offering before the king and the Assembly and they laid their hands on
Assembly and they laid their hands on
Assembly and they laid their hands on them and the priests killed them and
them and the priests killed them and
them and the priests killed them and they presented their blood on the altar
they presented their blood on the altar
they presented their blood on the altar as a sin offering to make an atonement
as a sin offering to make an atonement
as a sin offering to make an atonement for all Israel for the king commanded
for all Israel for the king commanded
for all Israel for the king commanded that the burnt offering and the sin
that the burnt offering and the sin
that the burnt offering and the sin offering be made for all Israel and he
offering be made for all Israel and he
offering be made for all Israel and he stationed the Levites in the house of
stationed the Levites in the house of
stationed the Levites in the house of the Lord with cymbals with stringed
the Lord with cymbals with stringed
the Lord with cymbals with stringed instruments and with harps according to
instruments and with harps according to
instruments and with harps according to the commandment of David of GAD the King
the commandment of David of GAD the King
the commandment of David of GAD the King seer and of Nathan the prophet for thus
seer and of Nathan the prophet for thus
seer and of Nathan the prophet for thus was the commandment of the Lord by his
was the commandment of the Lord by his
was the commandment of the Lord by his prophets the Levites stood with the
prophets the Levites stood with the
prophets the Levites stood with the instruments of David and the priests
instruments of David and the priests
instruments of David and the priests with the trumpets then Hezekiah
with the trumpets then Hezekiah
with the trumpets then Hezekiah commanded them to offer the burnt
commanded them to offer the burnt
commanded them to offer the burnt offering on the altar and when the burnt
offering on the altar and when the burnt
offering on the altar and when the burnt offering began the song of the Lord also
offering began the song of the Lord also
offering began the song of the Lord also began with the trumpets and with the
began with the trumpets and with the
began with the trumpets and with the instruments of David king of Israel so
instruments of David king of Israel so
instruments of David king of Israel so all the Assembly worshipped the singers
all the Assembly worshipped the singers
all the Assembly worshipped the singers sang and the trumpet is sounded all is
sang and the trumpet is sounded all is
sang and the trumpet is sounded all is continued until the burnt offering was
continued until the burnt offering was
continued until the burnt offering was finished
finished
finished and when they had finished offering the
and when they had finished offering the
and when they had finished offering the king and all who were present with him
king and all who were present with him
king and all who were present with him bowed and worshiped
bowed and worshiped
bowed and worshiped moreover King Hezekiah and the leaders
moreover King Hezekiah and the leaders
moreover King Hezekiah and the leaders commanded the Levites to sing praise to
commanded the Levites to sing praise to
commanded the Levites to sing praise to the Lord with the words of David and of
the Lord with the words of David and of
the Lord with the words of David and of sf' the seer so they sang praises with
sf' the seer so they sang praises with
sf' the seer so they sang praises with gladness and they bowed their heads and
gladness and they bowed their heads and
gladness and they bowed their heads and worshiped then Hezekiah answered
worshiped then Hezekiah answered
worshiped then Hezekiah answered now that you have consecrated yourselves
now that you have consecrated yourselves
now that you have consecrated yourselves to the Lord come near and bring
to the Lord come near and bring
to the Lord come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the
sacrifices and thank offerings into the
sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of the Lord so the Assembly
house of the Lord so the Assembly
house of the Lord so the Assembly brought in sacrifices and thank
brought in sacrifices and thank
brought in sacrifices and thank offerings and as many as were of a
offerings and as many as were of a
offerings and as many as were of a willing heart brought burnt offerings
willing heart brought burnt offerings
willing heart brought burnt offerings and the number of the burnt offerings
and the number of the burnt offerings
and the number of the burnt offerings which the assembly brought was seventy
which the assembly brought was seventy
which the assembly brought was seventy Bulls one hundred Rams and two hundred
Bulls one hundred Rams and two hundred
Bulls one hundred Rams and two hundred lands all these were for a burnt
lands all these were for a burnt
lands all these were for a burnt offering to the Lord the consecrated
offering to the Lord the consecrated
offering to the Lord the consecrated things were six hundred Bulls and three
things were six hundred Bulls and three
things were six hundred Bulls and three thousand sheep but the priests were too
thousand sheep but the priests were too
thousand sheep but the priests were too few so that they could not skin all the
few so that they could not skin all the
few so that they could not skin all the burnt offerings therefore their brethren
burnt offerings therefore their brethren
burnt offerings therefore their brethren the Levites helped them until the work
the Levites helped them until the work
the Levites helped them until the work was ended and until the other priests
was ended and until the other priests
was ended and until the other priests had sanctified them sentence for the
had sanctified them sentence for the
had sanctified them sentence for the Levites were more diligent in
Levites were more diligent in
Levites were more diligent in sanctifying themselves than the priests
sanctifying themselves than the priests
sanctifying themselves than the priests also the burnt offerings were in
also the burnt offerings were in
also the burnt offerings were in abundance with the fat of the peace
abundance with the fat of the peace
abundance with the fat of the peace offerings and with the drink offerings
offerings and with the drink offerings
offerings and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering
for every burnt offering
for every burnt offering so the service of the house of the Lord
so the service of the house of the Lord
so the service of the house of the Lord was set in order then Hezekiah and all
was set in order then Hezekiah and all
was set in order then Hezekiah and all the people rejoiced that God had
the people rejoiced that God had
the people rejoiced that God had prepared the people since the events
prepared the people since the events
prepared the people since the events took place so suddenly